Then why don't you want mom to go?
Mom, I've been so busy lately.
I can't spare time to take care of you when you come
Yeah, after a while
Our family of three went to Cilantro to find you.
Mom doesn't need you to take care of her
I've packed my things and I'm leaving
Mom you
What should I do?
Aren't you determined to leave the story?
Why did I come back again?
I want to ask you a favor.
What are you doing? My mom is coming to see me.
My mom is coming to see me
Why are you not surprised at all?
i
Mom, I'm Xiao Gu Doudou, I miss you
I was surprised.
Very surprised
Gu Zhenting
If you let my mom know we broke up
That one is dead
So
You want to get back with me
Mr. Gu thinks a lot
I want you to be the same as before
Pretending to be my boyfriend
Give money
Haicheng's richest man is still short of money
Of course, the richest man in Haicheng will not be short of money, so you still want it.
Since I paid
Should be rewarded